@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
adaptive-icon;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon.xml
adaptive-icon;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon_round.xml
alpha;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/anim/enterfromleft.xml
alpha;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/anim/exittoleft.xml
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/layout/fallbacktoolbardonotuse.xml
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/layout/shellcontent.xml
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/layout/toolbar.xml
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/layout/shellcontent.xml
attr;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
background;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon.xml
background;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon_round.xml
cache-path;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/55/jl/res/xml/xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
color;obj/Debug/res/values/colors.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/layout/flyoutcontent.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/layout/shellcontent.xml
com.google.android.material.bottomnavigation.BottomNavigationView;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/layout/bottomtablayout.xml
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/layout/fallbacktabbardonotuse.xml
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/layout/tabbar.xml
declare-styleable;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
domain;obj/Debug/res/xml/network_security_config.xml
domain-config;obj/Debug/res/xml/network_security_config.xml
external-cache-path;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/55/jl/res/xml/xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
external-path;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/55/jl/res/xml/xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
foreground;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon.xml
foreground;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon_round.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/54/jl/res/layout/camerafragment.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/layout/bottomtablayout.xml
item;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/values/styles.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/layout/bottomtablayout.xml
network-security-config;obj/Debug/res/xml/network_security_config.xml
paths;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/55/jl/res/xml/xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
resources;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
resources;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/values/strings.xml
resources;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/values/styles.xml
resources;obj/Debug/res/values/colors.xml
resources;obj/Debug/res/values/styles.xml
set;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/anim/enterfromleft.xml
set;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/anim/enterfromright.xml
set;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/anim/exittoleft.xml
set;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/anim/exittoright.xml
string;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/values/strings.xml
style;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/values/styles.xml
style;obj/Debug/res/values/styles.xml
translate;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/anim/enterfromleft.xml
translate;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/anim/enterfromright.xml
translate;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/anim/exittoleft.xml
translate;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/anim/exittoright.xml
xamarin.communitytoolkit.ui.views.AutoFitTextureView;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/54/jl/res/layout/camerafragment.xml
xamarin.forms.platform.android.appcompat.FormsViewPager;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
xamarin.forms.platform.android.ShellFlyoutLayout;/Users/romsyaborysenko/Documents/programming/NET/asp.net core/English/DictionaryApp/DictionaryApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/57/jl/res/layout/flyoutcontent.xml
